NMS-13802: Add docs for Device Config (#4517)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/reference/pages/service-assurance/monitors/DeviceConfiMonitor.adoc

> = DeviceConfigMonitor

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= DeviceConfigMonitor
```
Is this correct name? Could we rename .adoc file and the nav file entry  to include the "g"?

> This Monitor tries to retrieve config from the network device and will show corresponding status based on whether config retrieval succeeded or not.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This monitor tries to retrieve configuration from the network device and shows the status of that retrieval (success, failed, and so on).
```

== Monitor Facts

[cols="1,7"]
|===
| Class Name
| `org.opennms.features.deviceconfig.monitors.DeviceConfigMonitor`
|===

== Configuration and Use

.Monitor specific parameters for the DeviceConfigMonitor
[cols="1,3,1"]
|===

| Parameter
| Description
| Default value

3+| *Required*

| script-file

> | Script file that needs to be used to retrieve config.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Script file to use to retrieve configuration.
```

| `-`

3+| *Optional*

| config-type

> | If Device has multiple configs, config-type should be specified with each service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| If device has multiple configurations, specify the config-type with each service.
```

| default

| schedule

> | Schedule for fetching config in the form of cron expression.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Schedule to fetch configuration, in the form of cron expression.
```

| 0 0 0 * * ?

|===

== Examples

> example configuration on how to configure the DeviceConfigMonitor in the `poller-configuration.xml`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example for how to configure the DeviceConfigMonitor in the `poller-configuration.xml`.
```

[source, xml]
----
<parameter key="schedule" value="${requisition:dcb:schedule|0 0 0 * * ?}"/>
<parameter key="script-file" value="${requisition:script-file|juniper-vsrx-default}.dcb"/>
----

== Schedule and interval

> For Device Config Monitor service, interval is configured to be 300secs and schedule is a cron expression. Default

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Device Config Monitor service uses an the interval of 300secs and a cron expression for the schedule.
```

> cron expression runs every 24 hrs at 12.00am (0 0 0 * * ?). Monitor retrieves the Device config when the next trigger

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default cron expression runs every 24 hrs at 12.00am (0 0 0 * * ?). 
```

> from schedule falls within the interval.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The monitor retrieves the device configuration when the next trigger from the schedule falls within the interval.
```
